Document compatibility guarantee precisely (#223)
luanti-org/docs.luanti.org: content/for-creators/compatibility.md

asking for it to be documented.
Otherwise it is possible that behavior is accidentally or deliberately changed,
simply because there is no reason to assume that anyone is relying on it.

## Regressions

There will unfortunately always be bugs that accidentally cause backwards compatibility to be broken.
These are called *regressions*: Something that used to work no longer does.

Regressions are not strictly limited to documented behavior:
The documentation is not a practically complete specification,
so exceptions will be made as is sensible.
Depending on the impact, regressions concerning undocumented behavior
may also be considered important enough to be fixed.

{{< notice tip >}}
If you find out that behavior unexpectedly changed, please
[file a bug report](https://github.com/luanti-org/luanti/issues/new?labels=Unconfirmed%20bug&template=bug_report.yaml).
{{< /notice >}}

## Client and Server

You need to decide whether older clients not supporting newer features
is game-breaking and older clients have to be prevented from playing,
or whether you can implement sensible fallbacks.

{{< notice tip >}}

> You can use `core.get_player_information` to get protocol versions and `core.protocol_versions`
> to relate them to Luanti client versions. For example, to check whether a client
> has at least the feature set of Luanti 5.8.0 or newer, you could do:
> `core.get_player_information(player_name).protocol_version >= core.protocol_versions["5.8.0"]`

Reviewer: I'd like to keep documentation as brief as possible.
```suggestion
Example of a check to determine whether the client supports the feature set of 5.8.0:
`core.get_player_information(player_name).protocol_version >= core.protocol_versions["5.8.0"]`
Note: This is not reliable for development builds.
```

Author: went with the first sentence

{{< /notice >}}

## Lua API

"Namespaces" (like `core`), "classes" (like `VoxelArea`) and "structs"
(like the return value of `player:get_player_control()`)
can and will be extended by adding new constants, functions or methods.
Generally, as a rule of thumb, "tables may have more fields in the future".

Maybe there is no `core.frobnicate` today, but there might be tomorrow.
This is why you should use your own namespaces and wrappers
and not try to "extend" engine namespaces or classes yourself -
there could be collisions in the future. [^maintenance]
If you are forced to share a namespace with the engine (e.g. in entity definitions or item definitions),

> the current convention is to prefix your fields with an underscore (`_`);

Reviewer: Redundant documentation. Please refer to `lua_api.md` -> `Entity definition` -> `_custom_field`.

> if multiple mods share the same namespace, using the mod name for namespacing is recommended.

Reviewer 2: Example might be good.
I.e. do we suggest `_modname_foo` or `modname_foo` (or `modname.foo`)? Some common mods use the latter (pipeworks, mesecons), but we might want to recommend the former.
